Document failure to clone un-initialized site (#6193)
pantheon-systems/documentation: source/content/guides/localdev/04-troubleshoot-support.md

You can [contact support](#contact-support) for help moving your files out of the codebase.

### Clone of a New Site Failed

> If you attempt to clone a site before opening the admin panel to initialize the database, Localdev will fail to pull it locally. The logs under **show detail (beta)** will show:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you attempt to initialize a site within Localdev before you've completed the CMS install on Pantheon, it will fail when attempting to pull the (non-existent) database from the platform. The logs under **show detail (beta)** will show:
```
